Our entire tech staff is here and we need to stop this press conference immediately.
Why?
Ms. Evans has always been concerned about impostors pretending to be Dr. T, so why don't we just let loose see?
Prove herself right here right now in front of our media friends.
Ooh, she's not wrong this time.
We've intended to reveal her identity today.
Why not give a live demonstration?
I'd barely pass computer science. How am I supposed to counteract?
She must have set me up, bitch.
No problem. I will just activate my counter-hack defense.
Defense successful.
Lucy has proven herself today and anyone claiming to be Dr. T from now on
please report to our legal department.
We at LM take a slander to our people seriously.
Oh, that was close. Thanks for the authorization.
Dearest Hermione, you just helped me confirm I'm Dr. T.
Something's wrong. Dr. T, look at this.